feat(azure): add info on how to use dockerized az CLI (#179)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/azure/GettingStarted/AzureCLI.rst

   # ...
   # azure-cli 2.24.0
   # ...

> Create the :file:`az` alias when using Docker

Reviewer: I believe we should avoid any special formatting in headers.

> Create the :file:`az` alias when using Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the az alias when using Docker
```

*********************************************

> The installation instructions expect the :file:`az` command to be run from the current directory.
> Therfore an alias needs to be created, when using the dockerized Azure CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation instructions expect that you run the ``az`` command from the current directory.
Therfore, you need to create an alias, when using the dockerized Azure CLI.
```

1. Copy the script to an executable file in your path, for example :file:`~/bin/az`:

   .. literalinclude:: ./scripts/az
      :language: bash

> #. Make sure that you can call it using :file:`az` (the folder :file:`~/bin` needs to be in your ``$PATH``).
>    This enables you to execute :file:`az` when using the dockerized Azure CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Make sure that you can call it using ``az`` (the folder :file:`~/bin` needs to be in your ``$PATH``).
   This enables you to execute ``az`` when using the dockerized Azure CLI.
```

> #. Log-in again, in order to continue with the next step:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Log in again to continue with the next step:
```
